Jyn, whatever I do,
I do it to protect you.
You understand?
I understand.
You want to get out of here?
Our rebellion, is all that remains
to push back the Empire.
I think you might be able
to help us.
When was the last time
you were in contact with your father?
What is this?!
It appears he's critical
to the development of a super weapon.
If my father built this thing,
we need to find him.
All right, how many do I need?
They are requesting a call sign.
Rogue, Rogue One!
The power
that we are dealing with here
is immeasurable.
If this Empire has this kind of power,
what chance do we have?
We have hope.
Rebellions are built on hope.
They have no idea we're coming.
Take hold of this moment!
The Force is strong.
Make ten men feel like a hundred.
We'll take the next chance,
and the next.
You're all rebels, aren't you?
Save the rebellion!
Save the dream!